updating the contents in `statistical_variable.md` and adding a reference StatVar Explorer tool (#185)
datacommonsorg/docsite: statistical_variables.md

# Statistical Variables

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-success" role="alert">
    <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> <b>Note:</b>
    The list of curated statistical variables listed on this page is no longer available.<br>
    Please use the <a href="https://datacommons.org/tools/statvar#">StatVar Explorer tool</a> which always has the most recent list of statistical variables.
</div>

Many of the data commons APIs deal with data commons nodes of the type
[StatisticalVariable](https://datacommons.org/browser/StatisticalVariable). A StatisticalVariable is a node on the data commons knowledge graog that captures any type of metric, statistic or measure that can measured at a place and time. For instance the [number of males in a population](https://datacommons.org/browser/Count_Person_Male).

> Using the [StatVar Explorer tool](https://datacommons.org/tools/statvar), it is easy for you to get an overview of the different data sources in which the [number of males in a population](https://datacommons.org/browser/Count_Person_Male) is observed as a data point. The tool also enables you to view the available observations made for the StatisticalVariable at different places with example observation time-series to visualize and counts of the number of places for which the statistics are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Statistical Variable Explorer](https://datacommons.org/tools/statvar) tool makes it easy for you to get information about each variable, such as the different data sources, metadata and places for which the statistics are available.
```

> The StatVar Explorer tool is also helpful to find exisiting StatisticalVariable definitions which you can re-use in your data import. In the context of the [example StatisticalVariable](https://datacommons.org/browser/Count_Person_Male), you search for it using search terms like "Person Male" and the result will have all the StatisticalVariables that are avaialble on the data commons knowledge graph containing the `populationType = Person` and `gender = Male`. The [example StatisticalVariable](https://datacommons.org/browser/Count_Person_Male) can be accessed by the name of the StatisticalVariable, in this case `Male Population` from the hierarchy of StatisticalVariables (on left-pane of the page) occuring for the `Person With Gender = Male` result. 

Reviewer: This and the following paragraph is too much information for this page; some of it belongs in the tool. We just want to lead users to the tool from here.

Author: Got it! I have made a call to action from the user with a button to redirect them to the tool! 
So, the page will look like this.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5391555/148214409-f13515b4-305d-41f4-a805-11b31e058f2d.png)
